📝 readme: add steps to have a working development environment with users (#663)
adfinis-sygroup/timed-backend: README.md

DJANGO_OIDC_USERNAME_CLAIM=preferred_username
```

Keycloak is integrated in the containers bundle. The admin interface is available at [http://http://timed.local/auth/admin](http://http://timed.local/auth/admin) with the account `admin` and password `admin`.
You will have to match the current `admin` user of the Django application by creating an entry in Keycloak. Don't forget to go in the user's page `Credentials` to set a password.
Since the user is mapped in Keycloak, you should be able to see the _Timed_ interface for that user.

To access the Django admin interface you will have to change the admin password in Django directly:

```console
$ make shell
root@0a036a10f3c4:/app# python manage.py changepassword admin
Changing password for user 'admin'
Password: 
Password (again): 
Password changed successfully for user 'admin'
```

Then you'll be able to login in the Django admin interface [http://timed.local/admin/](http://timed.local/admin/).

### Adding a user

> If you want to add other users with different roles, add them in the Keycloak interface (as they would be coming from your LDAP directory). You will also have to correct their location in the Django admin interface as it is not correctly set for the moment. Head to [http://timed.local/admin/](http://timed.local/admin/) to after having perform 1 login with the uuser. You should see that new user in the `Employment -> Users`. Click on the user and scroll down to the `Employments` section to set a `Location`. Save the user and you should now see the _Timed_ interface correctly under that account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add other users with different roles, add them in the Keycloak interface (as they would be coming from your LDAP directory).
You will also have to correct their employment in the Django admin interface as it is not correctly set for the moment.
Head to [http://timed.local/admin/](http://timed.local/admin/) after having perform a first login with the user.
You should see that new user in the `Employment -> Users`.
Click on the user and scroll down to the `Employments` section to set a `Location`.
Save the user and you should now see the _Timed_ interface correctly under that account.
```
